as breaking changes in http dart packet please fix example in a readme (#148)
LinusU/flutter_web_auth: README.md

// Extract code from resulting url
final code = Uri.parse(result).queryParameters['code'];

> /// as breaking changes in http dart packet please consider to use 
> var url = Uri.https('www.googleapis.com', 'oauth2/v4/token');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Construct an Uri to Google's oauth2 endpoint
final url = Uri.https('www.googleapis.com', 'oauth2/v4/token');

```
